## 2 interviews

1. industry
    - Cliff
    - Julien

2. setting/difficulty
    - Cliff
    - Tande
    - Sam



1. Industry questions
- how was the industry changed/evolved



2. Climb questions
- Why olympic/comp climbing is hard to use as measurement
- what makes a climb hard 
    - indoors
    - outdoors



*notes:*
- this is high level
    - might ask some basic questions to start
    - eg how would you describe climbing/bouldering/lead

- here's what my thesis is about (how's its evolved, how climbers have gotten stronger)
    - follow-up with open ended question
        - what do you think?
        - how would you describe what you do?
    - ending:
        - who else should i speak to?
        - what else should i be asking/am i asking the right questions?

- flow:
    - explain thesis
    - start broad/basleing questions
    - ask specific/baseline
    - give them space to talk
    - end with open ended question

- strength, routes, access to information

- find set of foundation questions that cover all interviews + then have specific questions

- be upfront about time

- ask them preference for zoom/phone

- ask them to if ok to record/can i record ("hoping to quote you in thesis")
    - app called: tape a call to record
    - then upload to otter.ai to transcript

- use transcript for follow-up questions?

- do the interviews support or contradict?

- is there anything from the research that I can use to ask them
    - in my research i found this, what do you think of xyz?

- questions about physical vs mental strength?

- 